I think one of the most important things in your life is making a choice
about where you want to go and then pursuing that. But I've seen
so many people pursue the wrong goal in their life and wind up in something
they were a very good at. In my case when I joined the marine
corps had no idea that I wanted to go in cryptology, but looking back
on it, the marine corps knew better than I did about which way I
was going. And now that I know what I know about myself I just hit
the stand in awe of the fact that they somehow knew that about me better
than I did and so I think there are times when you have to listen
to what other people are telling you about, 'you know you'd really
fit very well in that area not here you've picked out for yourself'.